---
navigation:
  title: Privacy Policy
---
# Privacy Policy
Welcome to Academic Notion, a Chrome extension designed to streamline your academic research by enabling the scraping of research papers from various academic websites and uploading them directly into your selected Notion database. Your privacy is of paramount importance to us. This Privacy Policy outlines the types of information we collect, how we use it, and the measures we take to protect it.

## 1. Information Collection and Use

### 1.1 Types of Information Collected

**Personal Information**: We may collect personal information such as your email address when you register for Academic Notion. This information is used to create your account, provide extension functionality, and for communication purposes.

**Schema of Authorized Notion Databases and Pages**: We collect schema of authorized notion databases and pages to help upload the information of research parpers.

### 1.2 Types of Information **Not** Collected

**Research Data**: We do **not** collect data related to the research papers you choose to scrape and upload.

**Usage Data**: We do **not** collect information on how the extension is accessed and used.

## 2. Use of Information
The information we collect is used to:
- Provide and maintain our extension
- Notify you about changes to our extension
- Allow you to participate in interactive features when you choose to do so
- Provide customer support
- Detect, prevent, and address technical issues

## 3. Data Sharing
We do not sell, trade, or rent your personal identification information to others.

## 4. Data Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

## 5. Your Rights
You have the right to access, update, or delete the information we have on you. Whenever made possible, you can access, update, or request deletion of your Personal Information directly within your account settings section. If you are unable to perform these actions yourself, please contact us to assist you.

## 6. Third-Party Services
Academic Notion may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.


## 7. Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, we advise you to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.

## 8. Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at support@texcel.app. 

This Privacy Policy was created for Academic Notion. By using the Academic Notion Chrome extension, you hereby consent to this Privacy Policy and agree to its terms.